Subject: Student Robotics 2015: Place confirmation and date change

Hi $name

We're delighted to confirm that you have a place in the Student Robotics
competition 2015! You should now start recruiting competitors to take
part, if you haven't already.

Apologies for the delay in getting information out -- we've had to push
everything in Student Robotics back by a week, and as a result our
Kickstart event [0] will now be held on the 25th of October. This is a
change from the previously announced date.

$teamsplit:
{{
To evenly balance teams across locations, we'd like you to attend the
Kickstart at Southampton. This will be held at the University of
Southampton's Highfield campus, postcode SO17 1BJ, and run from 10am
til 5pm. Please arrive before 10am to ensure a prompt start. Full
details including a day schedule and parking arrangements will be
published next Monday (the 15th). I also attach a risk assessment from
our last Kickstart event.
},{
To evenly balance teams across locations, we'd like you to attend the
Kickstart at Bristol. This will be held at the University of Bristol's
Merchant Ventures building on Woodland road, postcode BS8 1UB, and run
from 10am til 5pm. Please arrive before 10am to ensure a prompt start.
Full details including a day schedule and parking arrangements will be
published next Monday (the 15th). I also attach a risk assessment from
our last Kickstart event.
},{
To evenly balance teams across locations, we'd like you to attend the
Kickstart in London. This will be held at the Facebook London HQ
building, Regent's Place, NW1 3FG, and will run from 10am til 5pm.
Please arrive before 10am to ensure a prompt start. Full details
including a day schedule and parking arrangements will be published
next Monday (the 15th). I also attach a risk assessment from our last
Kickstart event.

Holding one of our Kickstart events at Facebook London will be
fantastic,  however it's subject to some constraints. We'll need to
know how many competitors you'll be bringing to the event in advance,
and we may need to set an attendance limit. We'll also need to know the
vehicle registration number in advance if you want to use on-site
parking. Exactly how this is going to work will be announced next
Monday.
}}

You will need to arrange transportation for your team to and from the
Kickstart event, as well as adult supervision for the competitors. The
electronics kit that you'll be bringing back from the event comes in a
18l "Really useful box", measuring 50x40x20cm and weighing about 6kg. We
also provide 4 1m lengths of aluminium L-section to aid mechanical
support in your robot. If you're unable to attend Kickstart, you'll need
to arrange for a courier to pick the kit up from us after the event.

Next week we'll be creating an account for you on our website, so that
you can start registering competitors for the competition. We've also
produced some introductory material to familiarise you with how the
competition runs, as well as a disclaimer that you'll need to sign +
return to us, which will also be published on Monday.

A summary of the schedule for this year is below; we look forwards to
seeing you and your team on the 25th of October!

15th Sept: Full event details, introductory material to Student
           Robotics, disclaimer and website accounts
25th Oct:  Kickstart, various locations
Nov -> April: Robot build period, including tech days
April 2015: Competition (Date / Location TBC).

[0] https://www.studentrobotics.org/events/kickstart

--
Thanks,
Jeremy

