Hi,

Thanks for taking part in Student Robotics 2013! We've recently opened a
registration form for the 2014 competition [0] -- please fill in +
submit it to register interest in taking part next year. We'll be
confirming places later in the year (although returning teams are more
or less guaranteed a place).

In the meantime, we'd love to know what you thought about the 2013
competition, and how we could improve it. If you could give us any
insight at all about how the competition operated at your school it'd be
great; in particular anything on the topics listed below. Feel free to
answer none, a few, or all.

To get feedback to all of our volunteers I'll be forwarding your
responses, with any identifying information removed, to our mailing list
where the blueshirts can read it. If you're happy for your response to
be identified, do say.

Topics we're particularly interested in:

 a) Did Student Robotics hold competitors attention throughout the year?
    We're aware that most teams do most of their work in the last month
    or so leading up to the competition -- would having more Tech Days
    or other events help to counter this?

 b) Was there anything in particular, technically or organizationally,
    that your students really struggled with? In particular, is there
    any information we could provide that would ease such matters?

 c) We're currently considering spreading the KickStart event out, to
    not be a single Southampton event. (Mostly due to logistics). Is
    there anything fundamental about the KickStart event that we should
    preserve (including reasons to keep it centralised), and is there
    anything you'd like to see at future KickStart events?

 d) We're currently prototyping some improved robot programming /
    debugging procedures, which hinge around the robots being able to
    get onto the internet. Does your school have a wifi network that
    the robots could access (ignoring authentication for the moment)?

 e) Is there anything we can do to help you attract students more to
    take part in Student Robotics? In the past we've provided some
    posters (such as [1]) for in-school display to attract students
    attention, were those helpful / would they be helpful?

 f) We'd love to hear about any game ideas you might have for future
    competitions, or different mechanical / electrical / software
    challenges to include. Every Student Robotics competition so far
    has featured the task 'Pick up X' to some extent, and it'd be great
    if there were a little more variety.

 g) General feedback -- we'd like to hear about any other concerns or
    criticisms about the entirety of this years competition that you
    might have. In particular, if there was any information that either
    wasn't available or poorly presented, as that tends to lead to the
    most confusion.

[0] https://www.studentrobotics.org/schools/how_to_enter
[1] http://users.ecs.soton.ac.uk/jcmm106/buildthem.pdf -- danger, 28Mb
in size.
