Subject: Student Robotics: Competition date and tech days
Hi $name,

We hope you've had an enjoyable Christmas, and your teams are now back
and working on robots! This email contains further competition details,
as well as data on upcoming tech days.

We're now able to confirm the date and location of the competition -- it
will be held on the 26th and 27th of April 2014, at the Newbury
Racecourse Grandstand. We'll get a preliminary schedule to you shortly,
but as with previous competitions we expect both days to run from 0900
until 1730. We'd like to thank our sponsors for making it possible to
expand both our participants and venue this year.

Although our volunteers will be operating the competition, they're not
able to provide supervision for the attendees. As a result, all
attending competitors need to have some kind of adult supervision
provided by yourselves: who does this, and what form it takes is up to
you, but the responsibility can't fall on our volunteers, sorry.

As in previous years, we're unable to provide transportation,
accommodation, or food for the competition. You will need to arrange
these for your team yourselves. Please note thought that if you're
unable to find accommodation then Reading is sufficiently close to
Newbury to be an alternative.

Entrance to the competition for competitors is ticketed: we require
signed media consent forms to be returned (in advance) for each
attending competitor. After we receive those, a printable ticket will
become available, that competitors will need to bring with them.
Everyone else, including teachers, parents, and other interested parties
are welcome to attend, although they'll need to either bring a media
consent form with them or sign one at the door. Non-competitor attendees
under the age of 18 will need a parent/guardian in attendance too.

(We'll be releasing details on the media consent form in a couple of
days, this years will be different to previous years).

~

We've also confirmed the dates of the next few tech days, they are:

Bristol:
 Tech day 2, on the 8th of February
 Tech day 3, on the 8th of March
Please RSVP to [Georges email] if you intend on attending
one of the Bristol tech days.

Southampton:
 Tech day 2, on the 15th of February
 Tech day 3, on the 15th of March
Please RSVP to [Chris' email] if you intend on attending
one of the Bristol tech days.

Surrey:
 Tech day 2, on the 1st of March
Please RSVP to [Andy's email] if you intend on attending
one of the Bristol tech days.

A full list of dates, and links to the event pages where location and
further details are available, are on the key dates page [0].

[0] https://www.studentrobotics.org/key_dates

-- Thanks, Jeremy 
