Hi,

We hope you all now have your shiny Student Robotics kit, and your teams
are ready to start constructing robots! (If you don't, and haven't
arranged for it to be couriered, please contact me).

We're now in a position to begin creating website accounts (thank you
for your patience). These come in two flavours: competitor accounts for
each individual competitor, and the team leader account (for yourself)
which can register competitor accounts and manage them. Instructions on
how to do this are below.

We ask that you create accounts for each person involved -- we do lock
peoples accounts in the (extremely rare) cases of our services being
abused. We also use the name data entered to print competitor
participation certificates, so unregistered competitors won't receive one!


Account creation:

In a few minutes you should receive an email containing a username and
password -- you can use this to access:
 * The IDE (https://studentrobotics.org/ide)
 * The Forums when they go live (https://studentrobotics.org/forums)
 * The user management page (https://studentrobotics.org/userman)

To create competitor accounts, visit the user management page, and log
in. In a column on the left, you'll see a list of users currently
registered for your team (initially just yourself). At the bottom is a
link marked 'Register users'. Click on this, and you'll be presented
with a form for competitor user details. Fill this in (adding rows as
appropriate), click submit, and we'll begin the account creation process.

Once you've submitted this data, you'll receive an email confirming the
registration. We'll also email the competitor to confirm their email
address, and to give them their usernames and passwords. (If they don't
confirm their email address within two days, you'll get an email saying
that their registration expired; if this happens, feel free to
re-register them).

If you were at Kickstart, you may still have a Kickstart-specific
account: any programs you've put into the IDE will not disappear, and
will be accessible by your new account(s). The Kickstart-specific
account however will cease to exist on 23/10/13.


Account management:

If you need to update any competitor account data, find their username,
reset their password or so forth, first log into the user management
page (https://studentrobotics.org/userman).

Once there, you should find the competitors name in the list of
registered users on the left, as well as their username. To check or
update their details, click on their name, and registration details will
appear in a window. If you want to edit their details, just change them
in this window, then click 'Submit'.

Due to various reasons, we are unable to recover passwords that have
been set, however you can reset competitor passwords via the user
management page. If you forget the password to the team leader account,
please email me.


In case of any difficulty or other account creation problem, please
don't hesitate to ask for help.

-- Thanks, Jeremy 

