Hi,

Additional details for the Kickstart event we'll be running are now
available; We can confirm that there will be Kickstarts in Southampton,
Bristol and Norfolk -- we're assuming that you'll be going to the
Southampton Kickstart, as it's closest to you. If you're intending on
going to one of the other Kickstarts instead, please let me know.
Details and a schedule for the day now appear on the website [0].

The day will feature an introduction to Student Robotics, and the
nature of this year's game will be revealed. We'll then be setting the
competitors a series of tasks to perform with the electronics kit, as a
hands-on way to learn how to operate the equipment and use sensors /
outputs. You should bring as many of your team as can attend, as well as
yourself.

You'll need to take electronics kit home with you: it comes in an 18L
50x40x20cm "Really useful box" containing all of the kit. There will
also be four pieces of 2m long aluminimum L-sections to aid mechanical
support in your robot, which you can take home too.

If you won't be able to collect your kit at Kickstart please do let us
know so that we can make alternative arrangements. Unfortunately we can
no longer afford to ship the kit to teams who can't attend; instead
we'll provide details for you to arrange a courier to collect it.

Finally, place confirmations: as mentioned in the original email, one
place in the competition is reserved for you, and we were planning on
issuing a "team leader agreement" before confirming it. Unfortunately
that's dragged on and on (and now depends on our risk assessments being
signed off), and is now estimated to be complete sometime around the
1st or 2nd of October.

Rather than leaving you hanging: we can confirm your place in the
competition. However we still require you to return this signed team
leader agreement when it completes, before Kickstart, so quick
operation of the postal service will be required. (This agreement isn't
aiming to be draconian, but about identifying what we'll be providing
and what your responsibilities are through the competition period,
which in previous years has been unclear).

Sorry about the intervening delay; we look forwards to seeing you at
Kickstart 2014!

[0] https://www.studentrobotics.org/events/sr2014/2013-10-12-soton_kickstart

--
Thanks,
Jeremy

